Naza show me how to catch a giant clam
now we'll show him a new way to eat it
but first I gotta kill it yep then it's
dead now it's clearly now yeah yep we
cut off the legs
unball them in seawater for 15 minutes
discarding the body which isn't that
good to eat because the quality of the
king crab is so delicious it doesn't
need much more yeah so I'm just going to
do something very simple with the creme
fraiche mayonnaise and some tarragon
yeah and some lime okay
I'm making the sauce by mixing equal
amounts of mayonnaise and creme fraiche
with some lime zest salt and pepper
roughly chopped tarragon and freshly
squeezed lime juice delicious nice
lovely you can try to break the main
point here in if you're lucky keep your
whole your meat will come out like this
lovely it's the size of a lobster tail
isn't it now look at that it smells and
looks amazing
yes that's delicious
my god I actually now think I preferred
Lobster so much softer and sweeter you
anymore what do I have to go back down
and get another one